are you serious are you serious this is
March this is Marge okay March second
Sunday morning obviously March is coming
in like a lion will it go out like a
lamb and what it was about was people
centuries ago believe that if the what
the parts came in like a lion well you
look like a lamp that can remove any
kind of spirits of evil aura around them
obviously that's before scientists
scientists were able to fully understand
the weather patterns and certainly has
nothing to do with the Word of God but
let's talk about this storm it is very
ferocious as it's spreading across the
country let me just say first of all
we're very sorry and we're praying for
all of you out there in Denver Colorado
as I there was a one hundred and four
car pileup in the denver colorado area
of the worst mentalities as well and so
far hearts are with you folks were very
sorry here in indiana it's a blizzard
and it's going to get worse and what the
really bad part is it snowed about three
three-and-a-half inches overnight but
we're expecting another four inches or
more maybe up to another six inches and
then freezing sleety rain not rain just
freezing sleet on top of this which
would not be a good thing now besides us
the real concern we have for you folks
down there and northern kentucky we've
already been concerned even as far down
oklahoma but we're really concerned
about you folks maybe is far down as
Mississippi but as this storm crosses
into Ohio Pennsylvania New York that's
where they say it's going to get brutal
and bitter and so I pray for everybody
in the East Coast as the storm moves in
that direction are you serious but let's
say this where i want all all-points
bulletin
i right now where is out gore when when
you need global warming this has been
the coldest winter the most snows in
Indiana since 1978 and I remember those
days I thought wow can it get any worse
but no this has been a tough year but
we're still smiling it's Sunday morning
we're praising the Lord and stay with me
I will be up that will not be traveling
to my home church today I'm not even
sure if they're going to have services
yet i'm going to talk my father a little
bit but today i will be covering parable
world events here on YouTube including
the crisis that sir seriously you've all
been with Russia and the Ukraine and
don't forget tonight Sunday Night Live
will be on from seven to ten p.m.
eastern at my website WWE privacy com
that's WWE prophecy com from seven to
ten PM eastern it will be powerful and
so if you're not saved listen this look
at the snow understand something your
sins could be his wife accept Jesus
Christ as your Savior and that's awesome
gutless